
                      Minutes Meeting 5
                          Jonathan Jeurissen



                           November 5, 2009


1     Meeting Information


Date: Tuesday, November 3, 2009

Time: 15H00-17H30

Place: D2.10


1.1    Attendees


Following member were present:


    o Nick De Cooman


    o Jonathan Jeurissen


    o Sina Khakbaz Heshmati


    o Jorne Laton


    o Bart Maes


    o Patrick Provinciael


    o Wouter Van Rossem


There were no members absent.
1.2    Revision History


_Rev._||_Date_____________||_Description____________

   1.0   ||November 3, 2009 ||First draft created

   1.1   ||November 4, 2009 ||Ready to be uploaded
                                     1


2     Requirements


The first thing that needed to be discussed was the naming of the categories.

Some members preferred Core, Extensions and Bloats over "Must have",

"Want to have" and "Nice to have". There has been decided to use the lat-

ter, because these were not only the client's own words but they are also the

most simple description of the requirements.

However, there has been a disagreement about whether or not to use the

term "Core". By "Core" one means the truly basic functions (the absolute

minimum) this project needs to be called an auction site.  e.g.  There is no

need for a two browsing functions, as only one would be enough for a very

basic auction site. After a long discussion, there has been decided not to use

the term "Core", as it's more related to Implementation. Also, introducing

"Core" caused ambiguity within the team members. For these reasons, this

term will not been used in the futher development of the process. A solution

has been found by reducing the "Must have" requirements to a minimum.

Only those functions that are necessary to deliver a reasonably good auction

site will be included in this type of requirements.



The different requirements have been thoroughly discussed in this meeting

and have been divided into one of the three chosen subcategories.

Disclaimer:

Following requirements are only a basic, incomplete and non-binding descrip-

tion, as discussed in the meeting on Tuesday, November 3, 2009. For a full

description of the requirements, one should look at the SRS of this project

or for a pre-final version at the Wiki page of the Requirements[?].
2.1    Must have


These features will certainly be included in the project.


    o User database


    o Login (secure possibility to identification)


    o Auctions


    o Categories


    o Search function


    o One language

                                     2


    o Support for additional languages (i18n)


    o Simple search engine


    o Secure website
2.2    Want to have


There is a good probability that these features will be included.


    o User ratings


    o Tags


    o Second language


    o User home


    o Basic e-mail notification


    o Virtual money account


    o Support for Paypal


    o Private Messaging service between users
2.3    Nice to have


Under the condition that there is still time left, following features might be

included in the project.


    o Advanced e-mail notification


    o Support for different currencies


    o Currency converter
3    ALTE X template


There will be a new template available on the SVN Server on Wednesday,

November 4 at 23H00.  This template will include a Salesmen Logo.  Also,

there will be a possibility to use this template within the LATEX documents by

using one command (instead of copy-pasting the code). This template will be

used by all other documents written in LATEX. This includes the documents

that already have been published onto the website.



                                     3


4     Risk Analysis


A list of the current risks will be kept in the SPMP[?].  These are the new

risks discussed at the last meeting:

Current Risks:


   1. What if a "Must have" requirement can't be achieved?

      Solution:

      Every team member will have to spent more time until all "Must have"

      requirements are complete.


   2. What if a team member does not know enough Java? What if a team

      member has problems with the techniques used in this project?

      Solution:

      Team members will have to study - or at least look up - the syntax of

      Java and Javascript, as well as principles and methods which we will

      use in this project. New methods will also be discussed in the meetings.
5     SCMP


A first draft of the SCMP has been released on the SVN Server, but due to

problems with LATEX, this draft has not been published on the website yet.

However, it will be published as soon as possible.
6     Project Planning


Every team member will write down what he has done in the previous two

weeks.  He will also say what he will do in the coming two weeks and his

plans for the coming year. In this manner there will be a clear view over the

work done and the work that needs to be done. These meetings allow teams

to discuss their work, focusing especially on areas of overlap and integration.

This is often called SCRUM.
7     Next Meeting


Date: Friday, November 6, 2009

Time: 12H00-13H00

Place: CSB Seminaryroom 1



                                     4


7.1    Agenda


A complete list of Agenda items is available on [?].
References


 [1] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/Requirements


 [2] http://wilma.vub.ac.be/ se_20910/docs/spmp/index.html


 [3] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/NextMeetingTopics



                                     5
