                       Minutes Meeting 15

                           Wouter Van Rossem
                               March 2, 2010


1 Meeting Information
Date: Monday, February 15, 2010
Time: 18H00--19H00
Place: D.3.13

1.1 Attendees

Following members were present:
   * Nick De Cooman
   * Sina Khakbaz Heshmati
   * Bart Maes
   * Jorne Laton
   * Wouter Van Rossem
Following members were absent:

   * Jonathan Jeurissen
   * Patrick Provinciael

2 Where do we stand?
This is where each member stands:
Nick understands the basics. He feels that he understands most of the part
     that is important to him, authentication
                                       1


Sina feels he has a good knowledge about the framework
Jorne is still learning the framework and trying out the examples
Wouter also understands the basics and the parts about retrieval

Bart has a good knowledge about Seam, but hasn't done anything yet for
     his part

3 What went wrong?
These are some of the problems that the team encountered:

   * It was unclear how we had to start and what we needed to do exactly
   * There was a lack of knowledge of the framework
   * The framework has a high entry level
   * The time period for the implementation phase wasn't optimal because
     of exams

   * Some problems to get a working environment

4 Solutions
In order to be certain that everyone has a working environment and to get
everyone started, a workshop will be organized wednesday at 9 am. Every
two weeks there will be a workshop, where the members can work together
on the project.
   Sina will also put deadlines on the tasks, in order to get faster results and
reduce our backlog.

5 Revision History

 Rev. Date Description
  1.0 February 21, 2010 First draft created
  1.1 February 22, 2010 Revised by QA Manager



                                          2


6 Next Meeting
Date: Monday, February 22, 2010
Time: 18H00--19H30
Place: Infogroep


6.1 Agenda
A complete list of Agenda items is available on [?].

References
 [1] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/NextMeetingTopics


















                                       3


