#summary Timesheet submission howto
#labels Configuration

= Introduction =

This page will shows developers how they can submit their timesheets _every_ *Monday before 12:00pm* CEST.

== The Big Picture ==

You should commit your timesheet in the form of a simple XML file to the _right_ place in the repository and that's it.

= The Simple XML Format =

== Complete Example ==

This example captures pretty much everything TimeTrack can do.

{{{
<?xml version='1.0'?>
<timesheet xmlns="http://purl.org/net/timetrack">
  <item duration="PT1H45M">
    <desc type="xhtml">
      <div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
        <ul>
          <li>Item 1.</li>
          <li>Item 2.</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </desc>
    <refs>
      <ref>http://example.org/ref-1</ref>
      <ref>http://example.org/ref-2</ref>
    </refs>
  </item>
</timesheet>
}}}

== One-line Descriptions ==

In case your description is just one simple line, you can forget about XHTML.

{{{
<item duration="PT20M">
  <desc>One-liner description.</desc>
  <refs>
    <ref>http://example.org/ref-1</ref>
  </refs>
</item>
}}}

== Optional References ==

The `<refs>` tag is optional but once you use it, it must contain at least one `<ref>` element. In case an item doesn't have any references, then just omit them.

{{{
<item duration="PT10H">
  <desc>Coded and drank Java.</desc>
</item>
}}}

== The Duration Attribute ==

The value of `@duration` should comply with the [http://www.w3.org/TR/2001/REC-xmlschema-2-20010502/#duration xsd:duration] datatype.

=== Examples ===

{{{
P10Y = 10 years
P2Y3M4DT5M = 2 years, 3 months, 4 days, and 5 minutes.
PT2H20M = 2 hours, and 20 minutes.
}}}

Please note that `P` stands for _period_ and `T` indicates the start of the _time_; therefore, durations for timesheets usually start with `PT`.

= XML Grammar =

The schema for TimeTrack is originally [http://salesmen.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/utils/timetrack/schema/rng/timetrack.rnc written] in [http://www.relaxng.org/spec-20011203.html RELAX NG] [http://www.relaxng.org/compact-20021121.html Compact Syntax]. [http://www.w3.org/TR/2001/REC-xmlschema-2-20010502/ XML Schemas] have also been [http://salesmen.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/utils/timetrack/schema/xsd/ generated] using [http://code.google.com/p/jing-trang/ Trang]

= Authoring Tools =

== nXML-mode ==

Emacs users can benefit from a rich set of features provided by the [http://www.thaiopensource.com/nxml-mode/ nXML-mode] including:

  * Instant XML validation against the RELAX NG schema.
  * A powerful element suggestion mechanism.

Please refer to HowtoSetupEmacs in order to install and use nXML-mode.