#summary Questions for the requirements interview.
#labels Requirements

= Introduction =

You can write questions here that you think will be interesting for the requirements interview. Please use this convention:

  * question (Your name)

There is also a section for links.

= Questions =

Questions for the requirements interview:

== Users ==
 * What should a guest be able to do? (Wouter)
   # Browse through auctions?
   # Request an acount?
   # Contact seller/other users?
 * What should registered users be able to do? (Wouter)
   # Bid on auctions?
   # Place an auction?
   # Contact seller/other users?
 * Who can create a new auction? (Wouter)
   # Only registered users?
   # Should there be a verification process for sellers? (anti-scammers)
 * Should there be a rating system? (Wouter)

== Interface ==
 * Should there be a user hub? (Wouter)
   # "Watch" item
   # Favorite sellers
 * How should a user search for items? (Wouter)
   # Categories
   # [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tag_cloud Tag Cloud]

== Auctions ==
 * What type of auctions should there be? (Wouter)
   # Normal auctions with bidding? [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_auction English auction]
   # Auctions with fixed price?
   # Auctions with fixed price and best offer?
   # [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_auction Dutch auction]
   
 * What should be the time limit for an auction? (Wouter)
 * Should auctions be categorised? (Wouter)
 * Should auctions have a tag? (Wouter)
   # Difference tag and category: an auction could be in the category "cars", but it could also have the tag "volvo" for example

== Bidding ==
 * Should there be different methods to bid on an item? E.g. with maximu bid. (Wouter)
 * Should there be a minimum amount to bid? E.g. A buyer should not be able to outbid another buyer by 0.01€ (Wouter)

= Links =

Put interesting links here:
  * http://www.guydavis.ca/seng/seng611/group/interview.shtml (Wouter)
  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_auction_business_model (Wouter)