#summary What does a certain term or acronym mean in the context of Salesmen development?
#labels Dev

= Introduction =

Developing software is all about building abstractions, which is the act of separating an entity from all the other entities by giving it a name. This means that there are lots of names and acronyms to be dealt with.

This page is intended to provide definitions for terms that are often used in the context of Salesmen development. Presenting our literature (a.k.a., Glossary) in a compact form will help developers be more productive as they can refer to this document during the meetings and in other documents.

= Terms =

== Application Server ==

== API ==

== Java Platform ==

A Java platform consists of a JVM, and an API. There are three such platforms:
  * *Java Standard Edition:* What is known to be the Java programming language.
  * *Java Enterprise Edition (= Java EE) :* Java SE + Enterprise-specific API; most notably transaction, and persistence.
  * *Java Mobile Edition:* A lighter Java SE + API for mobile applications.

== Jave EE ==

A Java platform suited for developing distributed applications (e.g., Web applications.) The Java EE platform provides a rich set of APIs for developers of distributed applications to use, in order to make sure that their application is fault-tolerant, secure, scalable, multi-tiered.

== Web Container ==

In Java EE, applications are multi-tiered. One tier is the client (e.g., Web browser), another tier is the actual application that implements the business logic. These two tiers are connected using the Web tier, which is implemented by the Web container. A Web container connects other tiers by exchanging _discrete_ messages --transactions-- between them.

== Servlet ==

== JSP ==

== JVM ==

A Java Virtual Machine is a program that interprets Java bytecode, which is the result of compiling Java source code. This means that the Java programming language is both compiled and interpreted. A particular JVM only works on a particular platform as it generates machine code, which depends on a particular processor.

== Scala ==

Scala is a general purpose programming language designed to express common programming patterns in a concise, elegant, and type-safe way. It smoothly integrates features of object-oriented and functional languages, enabling Java and other programmers to be more productive. Code sizes are typically reduced by a factor of two to three when compared to an equivalent Java application.

== Groovy ==

Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform as an alternative to the Java programming language. It is a dynamic language with features similar to those of Python, Ruby, Perl, and Smalltalk. It can be used as a scripting language for the Java Platform. Groovy uses a Java-like bracket syntax. It is dynamically compiled to Java Virtual Machine bytecode and works seamlessly with other Java code and libraries. Most Java code is also syntactically valid Groovy.

== Javascript ==
== GWT ==

The Google Web Toolkit (GWT) makes it even easier to design an AJAX application using just the Java programming language. It is an open-source Java development framework and its best feature is that we don't have to worry too much about incompatibilities between web browsers and platforms. In GWT, we write the code in Java and then GWT converts it into browser-compliant JavaScript and HTML. This helps a lot, because we can stop worrying about modular programming. It provides a programming framework that is similar to that used by developers building Java applications using one of the GUI toolkits such as Swing, AWT, or SWT. GWT provides all the common user-interface widgets, listeners to react to events happening in the widgets, and ways to combine them into more complex widgets to do things that the GWT team may never have envisioned! Moreover,
it makes reusing chunks of program easy. This greatly reduces the number of different technologies that you will need to master. If you know Java, then you can use your favorite IDE (we use Eclipse in this book) to write and debug an AJAX GWT application in Java. Yes, that means you can actually put breakpoints in your code and debug seamlessly from the client side to the server side. You can deploy your applications in any servlet container, create and run unit tests, and essentially develop GWT applications like any Java application.

== Spring ==

== Hibernate ==

== Persistence ==

== Web Services ==

== WSDL ==

== SOAP ==

== REST ==

== XML ==

== Maven ==

== Ant ==

== SilkPage ==

== TimeTrack ==

== jQuery ==
(Bart) jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development.
Info & examples: http://jquery.com/