#Brief summary on using TestNG for writing tests.

*WARNING* This is an unfinished page, I have yet to test the more in-depth details. I will  update this page as I progress with the research. You can however use the links for a clear explanation regarding these details.

= Introduction =

This page will attempt to explain the basics in writing and running tests for the Salesmen Project. For the official TestNG documentation, please see: http://testng.org/doc/documentation-main.html#introduction
This document will be referred further on this page as TestNGDoc
Another very interesting page is chapter 31 of the jboss-seam Reference:
http://docs.jboss.com/seam/2.0.2.SP1/reference/en-US/html/testing.html


= Writing =
== Program Logic ==
=== Basics ===
Primarily, you must write the logic for testing the program. A clear in-depth explanation is already delivered in TestNGDoc chapter 5.
=== Seam with TestNG ===
To be completed
For now, please see
http://docs.jboss.com/seam/2.0.2.SP1/reference/en-US/html/testing.html
== XML file ==
=== Eclipse ===
When writing your own tests in Eclipse, you can make use of the Eclipse plugin to create everything you need.
=== Test.xml ===

= Running =
== Ant ==
=== in Build.xml ===
Just deploy the website. Tests will be run automatically.
=== in seperate test.xml ===
Command promt:
ant test
== Eclipse ==
http://testng.org/doc/eclipse.html

This page gives a nice overview of how to run tests with eclipse. Remember Ant testing is still expected. The testclasses are not different, so you just have to provide the right xml data.