                      Minutes Meeting 14

                         Wouter Van Rossem
                           February 17, 2010


1 Meeting Information
Date: Friday, February 12, 2010
Time: 10H00--11H40
Place: D.3.13

1.1 Attendees

Following members were present:
   * Nick De Cooman
   * Sina Khakbaz Heshmati
   * Bart Maes
   * Jorne Laton
   * Patrick Provinciael
   * Wouter Van Rossem

Following members were absent:
   * Jonathan Jeurissen

2 Evaluation
A meeting will be held to discuss what went right and what went wrong
during the last semester. Each team member will be able to speak their
minds about the problems they encountered that prevented them from doing
the work they were assigned to do.
                                      1

3 Timesheets
Timesheets will now come online Monday evening. The deadline to submit
timesheets is still Sunday 23h59.
   In order for each member to get his full study points (and not exceed
these), the workload for each member was calculated by Nick. Here is a
short summary (the complete charts are also available [2]):

Nick, Bart, Patrick : 8 hour/week
Wouter, Jorne : 9 hour/week
Sina, Jonathan : 3 hour/week

   Wouter will also manage the website from now on, in order to reduce
some of the workload of Sina. Configuration will now be completely done by
Jorne as well.

4 Planning
Nick created a planning for this semester, which was approved by all present
members. The planning is as follows:
8/2 - 21/2 : Evaluation of the previous semester and preparation for the
      implementation phase

22/2 - 29/3 : Implementation phase. Also, preparation for the second con-
      ference during the last couple of weeks
Easter holiday : Nothing
19/4 - 17/5 : Finish the implementation and prepare for the third confer-
      ence
   There will also be less meetings from now on.

5 Server and Database

There will be two versions of the salesmen project on the server: salesmen
development and salesmen stable. This way a stable version of the site will
always be available, while members can also still deploy their test code re-
motely. Patrick will be in charge of maintaining the stable branch. Patrick
also suggested that we should evaluate this system after a couple of weeks.
                                            2

6 Communication
Google Wave was chosen as an additional communication channel. IRC was
another option, but Wave was preferred by several members.

6.1 Revision History
 Rev. Date Description
  1.0 February 15, 2010 First draft created
  1.1 February 17, 2009 Revised by QA Manager

7 Next Meeting
Date: Monday, February 16, 2010
Time: 18H00--19H30
Place: Infogroep


7.1 Agenda
A complete list of Agenda items is available on [1].

References

 [1] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/NextMeetingTopics
 [2] http : //groups.google.com/group/salesmen/browse hread/thread/5b99f469ae9ab3d7
                                                              t









                                         3
