
                      Minutes Meeting 7
                          Jonathan Jeurissen



                          November 12, 2009


1     Meeting Information


Date: Tuesday, November 10, 2009

Time: 15H00-17H00

Place: D2.10


1.1    Attendees


Following members were present:


    o Nick De Cooman


    o Jonathan Jeurissen


    o Sina Khakbaz Heshmati


    o Bart Maes


    o Patrick Provinciael


    o Wouter Van Rossem


Following members were absent:


    o Jorne Laton
1.2    Revision History


_Rev._||_Date_______________||Description_____________________

   1.0   ||November 11, 2009 ||First draft created

   1.1   ||November 12, 2009 ||Revision about SCRUM report

   1.2   ||November 11, 2009 ||Ready to be uploaded



                                     1


2     Timesheets


There has been a question whether or not to include in the timesheets the

time spent creating them.  Also, there was a need to reference certain e-

mails or discussions, leading a to significant amount of time spent on the

project.  As a solution, there will be new category in the timesheets, called

"Administration and communication".  This should include the time spent

creating the timesheet and an estimation of the time spent on sending e-mails.

One should refer to e-mails only if they did cost more than 30 minutes to

write and reply them.
2.1    Referring to e-mails


In order to refer to emails, everyone should now use salesmen@googlegroups.com,

which will automatically create a URL of every discussion. This will lead to

a documentation of all the digital communication concerning this project.

All discussion will be made public.  However, one can still communicate in

Dutch (or English if preferred). A Wiki page, which will describe how to use

this e-mailing and referencing system, will be made by Sina.
3     SRS



3.1    Layout


The numbers of the requirements will not contain letters in the next version

of the SRS. These letters (e.g. `U' in `U15' for requirement nr. 15 of section

Users) actually add unnecessary information. There is no need to know that

a requirement is from the section User, Guest, etc. In fact, if a requirement

changes (e.g. from User to Guest) than this will cause that all references to

this requirement need to be changed.  To avoid this problem, requirements

will only consist the prefix `Req' followed by a number.  There will be no

information in this number whatsoever to avoid problems. The SRS should

be structured, not the numbers.

At the end of the SRS, there will be a table that summarizes all the require-

ments with their number, so referencing to a certain requirement becomes

more useful.
3.2    Mistakes


There were 2 requirements (Ratings and User home) classed under "Must

have" that were actually "Want to have" requirements.  This has been a



                                     2


typing error, but will be corrected in the next version.
3.3    Adaptations


    o The requirement concerning the auction and the payement will be sub-

      divided into two requirements:  auction (Must have) and trace of the

      payement (Must have).
    o The requirement Favourite sellers" will be changed to a "Nice to have"

      requirement.


3.4    New requirements


    o Shopping Assistant (Want to have)

      The shopping assistant will be able to tell the users that certain items *
 *he

      has been looking for are available at Salesmen. The users can add some

      terms for objects he is looking for (e.g. the name of a certain processor)

      and if this object is not available at that time on the website it will be

      added to a query. The shopping assistant will then periodically search

      the website and tell the user when this item is in fact being sold at

      Salesmen. This way the user himself doesn't have to search the website

      again and again.


    o Security

      The security of the website will be an important part of the project. It

      will be subdivided in a few requirements:


         - Encryption (Must have)

         - Captcha (Must have)

         - Limited number of logins when the wrong password is entered

           (Nice to have)


    o Rules (Want to have)

      There has to be a way to see if the users follow the Rules of Sales,

      which they have accepted when they created their account.

      e.g. The owner of an object that is being sold is not permitted to bid

      at his own sales.


    o Warnings (Want to have)

      e.g.  There will be given a warning when a user tries to create a new



                                     3


      account on the same e-mail address.  Having several accounts on the

      same e-mail address will be allowed, however the user will receive a

      warning to remind him about these other account(s).


    o Lost Password (Want to have)

      There will be an option to recover a user's password when he has for-

      gotten it. This will be implemented in combination with the use of a

      Captcha.


    o Comments on auctions (Nice to have)

      Users can comment on items that are sold, but also on auctions that

      are still running. The administrator will be able to delete these com-

      ments if necessary. Comments will also use Captcha protection to avoid

      spamming.


    o Banned users (Must have)

      Users can be banned by the administrator when they misbehave. Banned

      users will form a separate type of user, with different rights.


    o Fake Salesmen site for banned users (Nice to have)

      A possibility to make the website of Salesmen functional for banned

      users, so they can still post their own items on their account, but no

      one will actually see them.  For the banned users however, Salesmen

      still looks real and functional.
4    ALTE X template


There has been made a Wiki page on using the LATEX template by Patrick.

However in the current version of the template, there are a few things that

need to be added, such as the possibility to add chapters and an abstract

of the document.  The table of the revision history will be included in the

Appendix at the end of every document. At the beginning of every page, one

will also be able to set the date of the last revision of the document.
4.1    Logo Salesmen


If desired, Team members will make there own Salesmen Logo and sent it to

Patrick. These logo's will be discussed in the next meeting.



                                     4


5     SCMP


The SCMP is finished and will be updated regularly.
6     SCRUM


There has been decided that there will be a SCRUM towards the client. In

this way it's easy for the client to follow up the project. This SCRUM will

be made and published by the Project Manager.
7     Next Meeting


Date: Tuesday, November 17, 2009

Time: 15H00-17H00

Place: D2.10


7.1    Agenda


A complete list of Agenda items is available on [1].

From now on there will be made an official document concerning the topics

of the next meeting. This document, called "Agenda", will be made by the

Project Manager and will be finished the evening before every meeting.  It

will also be put on the salesmen website.
References


 [1] http://code.google.com/p/salesmen/wiki/NextMeetingTopics



                                     5
